and so we continue to repair the engine m-72
k750 in the Urals of exactly the same design
and in this video you will need to remove
bearing
rock on the trees the thing is here for
puller hinders a little
This is an oil centrifuge that delivers
the oil in the bottom head of the connecting rod and the
most grease without damage it
centers he will not manage here I am selling
insert puller and clings to this column
now I knock them
preferably crankshaft put so that
connecting rods
heads were on the edges so much easier then
will arch this centrifuge cup
started as paws
everything is fine all lies we can not buy with
this side so much as a puller with two
paws under the microphone and flatten face
two places less twist puller two
ball of suitable diameter
Equally we must also establish
knock and pull if more pops up
we will beat but only for the sake of
off the ground has moved characteristic
sound
moron
here is still shiba
oil costs a little delay new
bearings
which I took them already from this side
are closed
if this side closed necessarily
one side needs to open and this side
it will be like a gland thus a little
delays the oil so as not to drive through
seals more detailed colleagues on worth
Here is such a foam Majid in the Urals
already
gland I have said here you can take
bearing seems 50 to 70 well yes should
specify
my opponent gland cut to the side and
set the gland on this side or on
this
bearing we will still be new
chest on these old engines
m-72 k750 and the Urals which m61
m-62 design and not provided
installation of paper oil filter
which is there in the front engine cover
the bottom is set and here is the oil
Only the receiving mesh is filtered
on oil us 8 which is set as
oil poured any that not only
get a lot of trash hit
inside and the tube scored here and and here
visible and
a lot of plus we got mud here like
clay such
and she completely around the circle this here
half scored and here's a hole
here the oil gets under the action
centrifugal force she she lubricates
connecting rod bottom
and when here everything is clogged naturally
bearing suffers fails
Now, as before, they usually twisted
screwdriver and visible marks on the core they
just about the side of the garbage something is not
unscrew these screws
there are three of them now clamps
threading
before this was not and can be on the core
need not suffer but now
somehow unscrew these screws
an ordinary screwdriver to do it
almost went one went practically
unrealistic in some cases not calling
some unlucky try shock
Gate screwdriver of previous videos I already
showed or put into action and very well
unscrew the screws
clutch
6 screws in this way
disconnect pull and show how much there for
many years to dug in the dirt
Here it is, this clay can be leveled
then install the old need to clean
Yes, and a number or such is full of sale
they from the Urals seems the same as on
touched 50 or m-72 on it all
until